Remove confusing usages of compliance for #361 (#365)
ietf-wg-scitt/draft-ietf-scitt-architecture: draft-ietf-scitt-architecture.md

--- abstract

Traceability of physical and digital Artifacts in supply chains is a long-standing, but increasingly serious security concern.

> The rise in popularity of verifiable data structures as a mechanism to increase accountability has found some successful applications to specific use cases (such as the supply chain for digital certificates), but lacks a generic and scalable architecture that can address a wider range of use cases.

Author: Compliance promises is a phrase I have never heard anyone use in the field of cybersecurity ever. Can you propose something more crisp? Compliance promise being equivalent to a Transparent Statement is a surprise to me, and I would never have guessed that from reading it.

I can propose something else later today.

> The rise in popularity of verifiable data structures as a mechanism to increase accountability has found some successful applications to specific use cases (such as the supply chain for digital certificates), but lacks a generic and scalable architecture that can address a wider range of use cases.

Author: I reread RFC 6962 and 9162 and those abstracts do not editorialize the bigger picture context for TS logs, so I decided to keep it more accurate, less vague, and bring back some of the previous wording.

```suggestion
The rise in popularity of verifiable data structures as a mechanism to make actors publicly log information about digital artifacts has found some successful applications to specific use cases (such as the supply chain for digital certificates), but lacks a generic and scalable architecture that can address a wider range of use cases.
```

> The rise in popularity of verifiable data structures as a mechanism to increase accountability has found some successful applications to specific use cases (such as the supply chain for digital certificates), but lacks a generic and scalable architecture that can address a wider range of use cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The rise in popularity of verifiable data structures as a mechanism to implement accountability for equivocation has found some successful applications to specific use cases (such as the supply chain for digital certificates), but lacks a generic and scalable architecture that can address a wider range of use cases.
```

> The rise in popularity of verifiable data structures as a mechanism to increase accountability has found some successful applications to specific use cases (such as the supply chain for digital certificates), but lacks a generic and scalable architecture that can address a wider range of use cases.

Reviewer: I don't think this is more accurate, the point of using a VDS is to create accountability on already published data, it does not make actors log (more) information, and it definitely does not need to be public.
